Update majority of images in "Your first 2d game" (#6697)
godotengine/godot-docs: getting_started/first_2d_game/03.coding_the_player.rst

click on the *Input Map* tab at the top. Type "move_right" in the top bar and
click the "Add" button to add the ``move_right`` action.

.. image:: img/input-mapping-add-action.webp

We need to assign a key to this action. Click the "+" icon on the right, to
open the event manager window.

.. image:: img/input-mapping-add-key.webp

> Use the "Listening for Input..." field to filter for the "Keyboard keys - right" event and
> add it with the "ok" button.
> 
> .. image:: img/input-mapping-event-configuration.webp

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The "Listening for Input..." field should automatically be selected. Press the "right" key on your keyboard, and the menu should look like this now.

.. image:: img/input-mapping-event-configuration.webp

Select the "ok" button. The "right" key is now associated with the ``move_right`` action.
```
